[neon sign buzzing]
[Mr. Wednesday]
Demeter is most
certainly my wife.
Oof!
-Why are you here, Ofnir?
-Well, for you.
Not for my money?
As you know,
Judge Trakes appointed me
Ms. Wells' conservator.
[Mr. Wednesday]
That guy Hutchinson,
what a charlatan he is.
If you want proof
of the
"stringing him up
by the balls" variety,
I'm gonna need access
to his computer.
-[whirring]
-[Laura] Shit. I'm alive.
Sweeney's dead
and it's my fault.
[Gilbert]
They're cremating
the remains.
Hey! You're not going north
by any chance, are you?
[explosion]
[Cordelia]
Some whack-job berserker
named Johan
blew up the biker bar
while your dad was inside.
We're checking him into
a hospital now.
It's a nuthouse.
It's about fucking time.
Bilquis fucked me up.
I need her to unfuck
whatever it is
that she did to me.
She's in Hoboken!
[man]
We can't risk her
becoming an intelligence
asset to someone else.
I am not alone.
♪
[indistinct chatter]
[Ibis]
In the summer of 1893,
on the shores of Lake Michigan,
the United States took
its place on the global stage.
Not through war, but through
technological innovation.
The World's
Columbian Exposition
also introduced
the Ferris Wheel,
the moving sidewalk,
Juicy Fruit gum,
and Crackerjacks.
All things seemed possible
as technology leapt
into the modern age.
The future looked
brighter than ever.
And, in its shadow,
hucksters, con men,
and grifters plied
their craft as they had
since the dawn of civilization.
♪
[indistinct chatter]
[man]
A three-headed serpent,
smuggled from the darkest
corners of the Orient...
[crowd exclaiming]
[laughing]
[cheering]
[grunting]
[clapping]
[man]
Have your tickets ready!
[grunting]
Oh!
-Yes! Yes!
-Huh?
[man]
Right this way,
ladies and gentlemen.
The next performance
begins in five minutes!
[Maximillian]
The mystic arts tempt
even the stoutest hearts.
♪
[blowing]
Magic can be mastered only
by those
with steadfast courage
and unassailable integrity.
[crowd exclaiming in awe]
But in the hands
of a true master,
the laws of physics
and of nature come unbound.
[laughing]
I've seen this one.
Your handkerchief
is inside.
[crowd laughing]
Charming boy.
[cracking]
♪
No, no, no, wait.
The show is not over.
There are still
mysteries... to reveal.
[sighing]
[cheering in the distance]
♪
[man] You're guaranteed to be amazed
by this new technological marvel!
[indistinct chatter]
It's guaranteed
to render steam power
completely obsolete.
Step right up!
[mechanical clicking]
[applause]
[indistinct chatter]
[clicking]
[applause and cheering]
Write something else!
Um, at this stage,
my Automaton is only capable
of writing a single message.
There are over 7,000
moving parts,
each working together
to create...
[coins clinking]
Thank you.
Um, what you have
just witnessed is um,
a symbol of potential
actualized,
through... Thank you.
Thank you for coming!
[cheering in the distance]
Nice show.
Obliged. Mister...?
Maximillian
the Magnificent,
Master of all
Prestige and Wonder,
at your service.
[cheering in the distance]
Buy you a drink?
Uh, thank you.
I'm a Son of Temperance.
Ohio Chapter.
I sympathize entirely.
An entertainer must retain
his mental acuities.
I am not an entertainer.
-Oh?
-Yeah...
I'm a student
of the technological
and mechanical arts.
I... I would be
in the Machinery Hall,
not out here, if I hadn't
misplaced my application.
Maybe, maybe not.
Well, the way I see i,
this fancy machine of yours,
it's a... one-trick pony.
A... A fine trick, sure, but...
It's a little high
for its nut.
This is the first
of its kind.
In the future,
machines just like this
will perform all
of our menial tasks.
It... This, this is
the precursor to change.
It's... it's incredible.
Yeah, um...
Maybe, maybe.
But people...
People have to buy
what you're selling.
No one's running home
to rave about
a glorified clock.
Not when you're competing
with the greatest exhibitions
the world has ever seen.
What this lacks is dazzle.
How much did you invest?
My... My life savings.
Oh.
[sighing]
Well, redesigning it
to perform other tasks
would take months.
I... I would have to shut down
for the rest of the fair.
"Redesign"?
Kid, all you need's a spark
to ignite their imagination.
Turn this auto-mathingy
of yours
into a real lally-cooler.
Even the great Edison
claimed he'd invented
the light bulb
before he actually did it.
Like all innovators,
he understood sometimes
you gotta fake it...
...till you make it.
♪
[cheering]
[robotic voice]
Check mate.
[laughing and clapping]
Make way,
ladies and gentlemen.
Sir, step aside.
[glass breaking]
[Maximillian] Behold the secrets of the future!
-[gasping]
-[man] There's a man under
there!
[man] He's a fraud!
It's a hoax!
[crowd booing]
[indistinct yelling]
[banging]
Now, now!
Now, now, ladies and gentlemen!
If you really want
honest entertainment,
please just step
right ahead next door.
The Magnificent Maximillian's
miracles of magic
must be seen
to be believed!
[whimpering]
Welcome to Chicago, pally.
Heh... Yeah.
[whimpering]
♪
[water dripping]
[Oshun]
They made you a demon.
The men who gaze upon you,
who named you,
who told your story for you.
You did what you had
to do to survive.
[water dripping]
But... the last follower
you took...
...did he give you
what you need?
Sanders?
No.
His emptiness only
added to my own.
♪
[Guard]
Turn that shit off.
♪
[chair creaking]
Time for a little Q&A.
Truth or dare?
♪
[Technical Boy]
They would have you believe
that this building
is owned by an Indonesian
telecom start-up.
The giveaway is
the "renditioney" vibe
the place gives off.
Yeah, right.
A start-up and not
an electric car in sight?
Please.
All right, Bieber,
do your thing.
My "thing"?
Yeah, your thing.
The high-tech... bullshit.
The hack-the-alarms
and kill the surveillance.
Okay, Mensa.
You think that if I could do
any of that bullshit right now,
that I would need you?
I told you...
Because of what
that fucking
witch-priestess
did to me,
I am not operating at 100%.
[sighing]
Which means,
we gotta do things
old school.
♪
[Guard]
Fuck, man.
Is this shit even gonna work if
she's catatonic or... whatever?
Spy surfing always works.
♪
You are a giver...
...of life.
You are a giver.
What good is it to know
my truth if I cannot be free?
I am trapped in here
like an animal.
That is why we have come.
♪
Mm.
[chuckling]
-Yeah.
-[gun cocking]
Fire power, motherfucker.
Nope.
Bill Sanders. Hmm?
Where did you take him?
You're the last
person he saw.
So you must know where he is.
♪
You are a giver...
[voice echoing]
...of life.
You are a giver... of life.
Mo Fale Balen...
You are a giver...
...of life.
[Aye]
Your eyes are clear.
But you can't see the truth yet.
[Yemoja]
Sister, remember
all you have learned.
Know who has your head.
[echoing]
I do.
[Aye]
Then let the earth
and water support you,
as they always have.
[rumbling]
[Oshun] You have had this power all along.
You can reclaim it now.
With the power of the we.
[rumbling]
♪
-Sister.
-Your eyes are clear.
[Yemoja]
Know who has your head.
[Aye]
But you can't see
the truth yet.
[man]
May the optimism of tomorrow
be your foundation for today.
And if we must wait
for the amazing salvation,
may your temporary forever
feel much less than a day,
and I is we,
and we is power,
and we are powerless
if we just become nothing
but you and they.
May peace be in
your hearts and
may Orishas lead your way.
Lead the way.
♪
[rumbling]
Let the water return you
to your beginning.
[rumbling]
[thudding]
[panting]
[screaming]
♪
[creaking]
[metallic door opening]
What... in the actual fuck?
[glitching]
No.
♪
Are you here to rescue me,
Shadow Moon?
I-I...
Actually, no...
[chuckling nervously]
[tires screeching]
♪
[water bubbling]
[Bilquis]
It took two days in prison
to realize I'd been
locked away
for thousands of years.
I'd come to believe
that what
others believed
of me was me.
That I was...
the exotic fantasy
in the minds of others.
But how does something
like that even happen?
They create an identity
an image for us
that serves them.
They teach us to see
ourselves through a veil.
And now that the veil's
been lifted?
I see it all,
for what it truly is.
I see myself as I am.
I had lost that.
What the future holds
is up to us to decide.
Yeah.
Yeah, I-I've been
thinking about things
differently lately.
Tear down the veil, Shadow.
Use all your strength.
But do it. Do it now.
Already started.
There's no going back now.
No.
Not ever.
♪
What made you want
to come find me?
♪
You were in trouble.
Very heroic.
[chuckling]
I sense a deeper motivation.
Something from your past?
I don't know.
Unfinished business?
Laura, maybe.
Trying to save herself
from herself.
[people laughing]
My mom.
There was nothing
I could do...
...nothing to do, just...
Just watch her waste away.
She was in so much pain.
And now it is time for you
to heal your own.
[chuckling]
Look, isn't this
just the point
where you make some
mysterious prediction
about my destiny or...
Your destiny is not
for me to know.
A word of advice.
The journey
to spiritual awakening...
...is better with French fries.
[chuckling]
[laughing]
♪
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Hey. It's me.
Uh, Mike.
I know.
What's up?
Uh, oh, I just...
I was just checking in.
You know. I'm...
How's... There been
any news on Alison?
I had breakfast
with her mother.
It was heartbreaking.
That must have been rough.
-What can you say?
-Nothing.
There's not a damn thing
you can say
to make it any better.
Anyway.
When are you back?
I'm gonna be away
a little bit longer
than I expected.
I-I gotta make a stop
and see my father.
That's a good reason
for a detour.
Well...
You don't know my father.
Um, he's in the hospital.
It's nothing serious,
he's just...
He's your dad.
Don't worry.
I'll keep an eye
on your mail for you.
[laughing]
Have a safe trip.
I'm glad you called.
See you in a few days.
[Mr. Wednesday] Ah, you may have
to remind me of the rules.
It's been a while.
What are you
doing here, Ofnir?
Hmm? I mean, we both know
there are easier ways
to make a buck.
It's not always
about money, darling.
[laughing]
Please.
Truth is, I'm exhausted.
My recent brush with death
and long haul
of the campaign,
I mean, it wearies the soul.
Well, you don't
look exhausted.
Besides, war mongering
always invigorates you.
I'm just taking a leaf
out of your book, you know,
taking a step back
from life,
a little respite
to recharge the batteries.
In a place like this with
rules and restrictions?
Where you're not in charge?
As they say, with age
comes a little wisdom.
And I'm-I'm seeing the benefits
of going along to get along.
You won't last a week here.
Do I detect a wager?
I last a week,
you give me... one night.
To do what exactly?
To find out what's
in my heart.
[chuckling]
What a terrifying prospect.
Well, you might be surprised.
If at the end of it,
you still want to stay
in this genteel hellhole,
then so be it.
I'll take that bet.
[slicing flesh]
♪
[Salim]
"Ibis, Jacquel and Salim.
Funeral Emporium."
I am not training you
in the mortuary arts.
I have no interest
in learning them.
This sort, at least.
Muslims do not desecrate
the dead as you are doing.
The deceased are washed
and then wrapped
in a burial shroud.
I am familiar with Islamic
funerary traditions.
Where in "Cay-roh", Cairo,
can you buy burial shrouds?
Salim, I will not
aid and abet you,
hiding out here from the
emotional pain of love lost.
I am proposing
a business opportunity
-if you will hear me out.
-The Jinn is not coming back.
Case in point:
bath products for the dead.
Market demand unmet
equals profit potential.
Salim, you will not move past
this admittedly traumatic
episode in your life
by cocooning yourself away.
And we are not an emporium.
We provide services.
We do not sell goods.
[Salim]
Not yet.
But a thoughtfully
curated boutique
offering a tasteful
array of products
for the deceased as well as those they leave behind is--
Wow.
I thought Purgatory
was depressing.
Uh... Where the fuck
is Wednesday?
[wheelchair creaking]
You blew up a bar
in order to get yourself
committed to
a mental institution.
Easy, easy, easy.
As I've been
trying to tell you
for the last 20 minutes,
uh, this was a minor dispute
between persons unknown
and a berserker who
evidently went berserk.
Point is, here I am.
-Whoa!
-Oh, Cordelia already
filled me in.
And your little plan
to free Demeter, is it,
from this place whilst
I can only assume,
also freeing her
from her fortune.
Well, if there are
monetary gains to be added
to our noble
endeavour, so be it.
We also have
all the proof we need
of this elder abuse scam
on Hutchinson's computer,
as no doubt Cordelia's
told you, huh?
He's holding half
this place hostage.
Yeah, I'm sensing
an ask here.
Well, I'm gonna ask you to do
a number on him, absolutely.
A Number 37 to be exact.
And Cordelia will assist you.
Yeah, for some
inexplicable reason,
she gives a damn about you.
Well, of course she does;
she's my protege.
And she will
assist you in this.
You will do all the heavy
lifting, of course.
I'm not going to be
doing a Number 37
or any other game.
Shadow, this is not an ask,
it's a must.
Demeter must be freed.
Then do it yourself
because I am not
going back to jail.
She was my wife.
♪
I mean, I could always
get Czernobog.
But then things'll
get messy.
They always do with him. Hmm?
[sighing]
But with all these delicate
souls at risk here, huh?
And one who shines
brighter than the rest.
Demeter.
Meet my son, Shadow Moon.
Wha...
Well, you should have
told me, Ofnir.
Lovely to meet you, Shadow.
-You too.
-Hank.
Must be massage time, hmm?
37?
[wheelchair creaking]
Hmm.
♪
Pupil response normal.
How are you alive? Again?
Voodoo, baby.
I dunno, I guess
Baron Samedi's gris-gris
did the trick somehow.
The final ingredient...
"Le vrai sang de l'amour."
That is why you took Mad Sweeney's body.
For his blood.
What? No. I took
his corpse to Samedi
so that he could bring him
back from the dead.
Oh, I see. So Sweeney
was resurrected first?
No, because Samedi
crapped out.
So I gave Sweeney the coin.
So, you sacrificed yourself
and he used his blood
to bring you back.
Blood, if logic dictates,
infused with love.
Look, it's fuckin'
voodoo, man, okay?
Nobody knows how
that shit works.
Then I am out of theories
as to how you are alive.
Well, the point
is that I am alive.
And I really need
to find Wednesday.
But first I'm gonna get
something to eat
'cause I am fucking starving.
You kind of forget about being
hungry when you're dead.
♪
[door opening]
[door closing]
Okay, then,
give it to me straight.
Should I be looking
for a new job?
As a general
lifestyle choice
and bid for sanity,
abso-fucking-lutely.
-How bad is he?
-Wednesday?
He's perfectly fine.
And this whole insanity act,
it's, it's a con.
Once he's swindled his ex
out of all her money,
you two'll be
back on the road
doing whatever it is
that you do.
Look, I don't know
your pops all that well,
but I actually think
this might be for real.
When he went to visit her
the first time,
his hands were
practically shaking.
The dude was all, like,
"Do I look okay?"
Bought a new suit,
had to show up with fresh calla lilies.
I'm talking prom-night nervous.
[birds chirping]
Who knew there was actually
a beating heart in there?
[door closing]
[engine starting]
♪
It was his blood that
brought you back, wasn't it?
There's no other explanation.
So is Sweeney alive?
[sighing]
♪
I, um...
I don't know where
the Jinn is or why he left.
I'll probably spend
the rest of my life
wondering if we
ever had real love.
But every beat
of your heart...
...is proof that you were
truly loved by someone.
You are very fortunate.
Yeah, I mean,
he's dead and I'm not.
But why or how it
happened that way...
it doesn't really matter,
does it?
It's just postponing
the inevitable anyway.
[clearing throat]
Hey, can I give you some advice?
[sighing]
Yeah, of course.
You gotta quit moping around
being all sad
about something
that you can't do
jack shit about.
What should I do instead?
Go back to selling trinkets?
I don't know, dude.
-Learn to play the flute.
-[sighing]
Or get a full-body tattoo.
Take up sky diving!
It doesn't matter!
Seriously, it doesn't matter.
Do you know what happens
when you die? Nothin'.
Really, absolutely
fuckin' nothing.
And even once you've been dead
for a hundred million years,
you still haven't
even begun to be dead.
That's not at all how
I thought things would be.
[sighing]
Mr. Ibis was right.
I am hiding here.
[scoffing]
Well...
Why don't you come with me and
help me track down Wednesday?
And do what?
-Kill him.
-What?
Yeah, I'm gonna kill him.
He fucked up my whole life,
and he's the reason
that Sweeney's dead.
And you know that he's got
his hooks in the Jinn.
I...
Yes, definitely,
but... I'm not someone
who believes in murder.
Okay, well, just come along
for the ride then.
Really, I could use the company.
I might need your help
finding a car too.
Here. Take mine.
[keys clinking]
Either you are
very generous
or you really
want me to leave.
Yes.
Thank you.
Can you tell us
where Wednesday is?
I'd only be guessing
as to Wednesday's whereabouts.
But I do know someone
who might have
a pretty good idea.
[neon sign buzzing]
[Cordelia]
Okay, I love
the old-school vibe
of this whole Number-37 thing,
so not throwing shade here,
but we need a little
insurance policy.
How so?
We get Hutchinson's laptop,
we prove he's dirty,
we can free Demeter, right?
Uh-huh.
I got thrown out of Hunter
without getting a degree,
but I made this.
The product of three years
of computer engineering.
Nothing on the market clones
data as fast or discreetly.
Hook it up to his laptop
and everything in it is ours.
Wednesday wants
to crowdfund it.
Anyway, it'll give us a copy
of everything, just in case.
I mean, that's very cool,
but let's remember
the mission's
not to steal a computer,
but to free Demeter.
Which Hutchinson will do
because we ask him to?
That, my friend, is exactly
how Number 37 works.
♪
Okay.
Sorry, I can't stay
for closing remarks.
Need to get home
to see the wife.
But let's,
let's stay in touch.
Okay...
[elevator dinging]
♪
I'm sorry for staring,
but... your tie.
You must be a member
of Skull and Bones.
[elevator dinging]
If I was, I wouldn't exactly
be allowed to discuss it
now, would I?
My father was
in Skull and Bones.
He couldn't
discuss it either.
Cheers.
♪
My briefcase!
Did anyone see
a black briefcase?
[Australian accent]
Oh, shit, mate,
that was yours?
Literally just seen a guy
peelin' outta here
with a leather briefcase
like a second ago.
Jesus.
Everything was in that case.
My computer, my files.
I reckon they work in pairs,
the crafty fuckers.
That woman.
♪
I-I should alert,
uh, hotel security.
[Shadow]
No, I wouldn't bother, mate.
You know, they're only gonna
call the coppers anyway.
You're better off just calling
the police yourself.
Shit, my phone
was in that briefcase.
Right.
You know what?
Just take mine.
It's a company phone,
only works in the States,
and I'm popping on a flight
home tonight anyway.
-Really?
-Yeah, go on.
Just, uh, mail it back to this
address once you're done.
[phone ringing]
Police services,
state your emergency.
I've been robbed!
Someone took my briefcase.
It happened less
than two minutes ago.
Try to stay calm, sir.
What is your
current location?
Main lobby,
the Boston Clipper hotel.
Understood. We're dispatching
a detective to that location.
Please remain
where you are.
Is this a number
where we can reach you?
Yes. Yes, this number.
I'll wait here.
But please hurry!
[elevator dinging]
FYI, Hutchinson
has a hundred grand
in a housekeeping account
in the Caymans.
[Shadow]
Good to know.
[elevator dinging]
[beeping]
[phone ringing]
Hello, yes?
This is what you're gonna do.
So listen carefully.
You're gonna release
Caroline Wells
and her money today,
or everything
on your laptop goes public.
-You're the ones.
-Yeah, we got it.
And we know there is
a whole ton of other shit
on that hard drive that
you really don't want
anyone to know about.
What assurance do I have that
you won't use it anyway?
Free Caroline Wells
and we'll tell you where
to find your briefcase,
and everything in it.
Okay, wait.
Yes, I can do it.
But... the paperwork
and the courts,
it'll take
at least two days
to process it all.
Well, then I suggest
you get moving,
Mr. Hutchinson.
Because if by day three,
Ms. Wells is not free
and in charge of her own money--
It-it'll happen. I promise.
-Good.
-Caymans.
Oh, and one other thing.
We want you to transfer
a hundred grand
to the account number
we're sending you right now.
We know you have it,
so don't waste our time.
-[text alert]
-Son of a...
The money.
Caroline Wells.
Get it done.
Fuck!
♪
What?
You died.
And?
Where did you go?
Ah, this time?
For lack of a better
word, Purgatory.
Hmm...
So, uh, no 72 virgins?
[chuckling]
Not a one.
It's not where I was.
I noticed you're
not praying.
I mean, now that I actually
have the need to pee,
we haven't stopped once,
let alone five times.
Are we not on speaking terms
with The Most High these days?
Is the constant atheist worried
that I've lost my faith?
Well, you've just
always been very devout.
If I was truly following
the tenets of Islam,
I couldn't come
on this trip with you.
To be alone with a woman
is forbidden.
Well, I promise
to keep it in my pants.
But you didn't really
answer my question.
What do you care?
I don't. But you do.
Or at least you used to.
To be honest, uh...
I'm at a point where...
I don't know who to pray to.
Or for what.
Two days and she's out.
And you still doubt me, huh?
Every fucking day.
[laughing]
But, I will admit,
this one was kind of fun.
Doing a Number 37?
How can you not have fun?
Don't worry about
the two days.
I need them to
convince her to leave.
She doesn't want to leave?
Yet, my boy.
She doesn't want to leave yet.
A touch of the
Stockholm Syndrome.
She simply needs reminding
of how much she has
to offer the world, huh?
It's an esteem issue.
Well, she was your wife.
What the hell has that got
to do with anything?
Wives come and go.
-What?
-You don't get
yourself locked up
in a mental institution for
people who just "come and go".
She's also a goddess.
I want her to be on the winning
side of history, okay?
Tell yourself
whatever you want.
I did my bit.
And beautifully you did it too.
Now, I'll take it from here.
The real work begins now, okay?
What?
Whatever you're actually
after here,
I hope it's worth it.
Shadow Moon.
-Hey.
-Hah!
Let me have a good look
at you, hmm?
Hmm...
[chuckling]
Yes.
You're a lot like him, hmm?
Yeah, uh...
[chuckling nervously]
I'm, I'm not sure
that's a good thing.
Uh, well, hmm.
Being with your father...
...was like opening
a bottle of champagne.
Bang. Bubbles.
Complete intoxication.
♪
But time...
[chuckling]
...takes its toll.
But Ofnir and I endured
so much together, didn't we?
Yes.
But the pain of loss can cause
even the heart of a god
to grow smaller and colder.
Until the only thing
that remains...
...is a memory of what
could have been.
It was good to see you again.
You too.
♪
[panting]
[whirring]
[groaning]
[panting]
[thudding]
[glitching and grunting]
[panting]
[grunting]
[glitching]
[panting]
[grunting]
[whimpering]
[sobbing]
[banging lightly]
[breathing rapidly]
♪
♪ Yeah I'm sure enough ♪
[Megan]
I told you,
and I told Chad,
and you did
exactly nothing.
Don't we all need to do
a little better job
of listening to each other?
Don't you start,
Ann-Marie.
I'm right about this.
You know I'm right.
Yo, yo, my G.
How you livin', bro?
-[chuckling]
-I'm good.
-Thanks, Derek, you?
-I'm here, baby.
Yo, yo, yo.
This shit is gettin' real.
-I know, right?
-[chuckling]
Welcome back, Mike.
Oh, hey, thanks.
-This place is snarkier
than usual tonight.
-Hmm.
Pot pie is the
special of the day,
and they say there's
more snow on the way.
Hey, what's the, uh,
what's the deal with this?
Three more break-ins
since Alison went missing,
some sicko is stealing
ladies' unmentionables,
and folks are
starting to think
it's all the same person.
Okay. You?
I'm from Missouri
on that one.
[bell ringing]
Miss, your order
is on its way,
but around here,
we are known
for our pasties.
First one is always
on the house.
Eat it while
it's still warm, hon.
[Laura]
For tomorrow we may die.
♪ I'm on the road watching fools waste their lives ♪
♪ Making deals to get
into God's heaven ♪
♪ Where my soul goes... ♪
Hey, stranger.
♪ 'Cause I'm chasing
a man by the song ♪
♪ His singing might fade
in the words of each verse ♪
♪ And he ain't mention
no lucky seven ♪
♪ Don't matter to me ♪
♪ 'Cause my baby got killed ♪
♪ And I just wanna know
where he's gone ♪
♪ We kissed across time
and our hearts lit a flame ♪
♪ Now Babylon's burning ♪
♪ It's falling in shame ♪
♪ Let the tears fall ♪
♪ Fall where they may ♪
♪ The night is on fire ♪
♪ Streets full of woe ♪
♪ King's got the power ♪
♪ You'll do what they say ♪
♪ The devil's a liar ♪
♪ Just so you know ♪
♪